Update README.md (#14)
ChromaticHQ/orange-dam-php: README.md

## Orange DAM PHP API client

> The [Orange DAM](https://www.orangelogic.com/products/digital-asset-management-system) APIs allow developers to extend the capabilities of their Orange digital asset management platform. Through calls to its API endpoints, an Orange DAM site can be manipulated and integrated with a CMS or other software/workflows.

Reviewer: We are using DAM specific portions of the API, but this library could be for products beyond just the DAM.

That calls into question the very name of this library though... 🤔 

Something I don't think we fully realized when we started this. Let me ask OL tomorrow when we chat for 100% clarity on this though.

Reviewer: The API's are for things outside of just the Orange DAM product. We only implement APIs for the Orange DAM product though. So perhaps we just leave this as is for now? 🤷🏼

Author: Yeah, I think we leave it for now.

This library powers the **[Orange DAM Drupal module](https://www.drupal.org/project/orange_dam)**. For integration with other CMS platforms, see [Future Development](#future-development).

This library enables the following:

- Authentication
- Search content.
- Media retrieval/import.
- Access Keyword data/activity.
- Retrieve media captions.
- List deleted objects.

### Future Development

The Orange DAM API is extensive and this library just scratches the surface of available functionality. Some _ideas_ about where this library and/or the tools that consume it could go next include:

- WordPress plugin.
- Enable upload of content to Orange DAM.
- Access file metadata.
- Document support.
- Create links between documents.
- Integration with Figma asset browser.
- Integration with Adobe Lightroom.
- Integration with Adobe InDesign.
- PDF conversion.
- Extract waveforms from audio content.

> _NOTE:_ This library and the associated module(s) that depend on it provide the foundation for a custom integration with Orange DAM. Custom development work will be needed to create a data model in your application, map your data, and/or integrate with the events this module offers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_NOTE:_ This library provides the foundation for a custom integration with Orange DAM. Custom development work will be needed to create a data model in your application, map your data, and/or integrate with the events this module offers.
```

Even with this change, this note feels unneeded to me. I wrote this bit to ward off confusion from the person doing a drive-by on the Drupal module expecting a module that offered a simple site-building friendly solution.

Anyone looking at a PHP library should already understand that this doesn't do anything on it's own or at least not have that assumption since it isn't tied to a CMS. I realize I'm making my own assumption there, but leaving this just feels like it's answering a question that no one is asking to me.

I would still vote to just remove this whole line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: > Anyone looking at a PHP library should already understand that this doesn't do anything on it's own or at least not have that assumption since it isn't tied to a CMS. I realize I'm making my own assumption there, but leaving this just feels like it's answering a question that no one is asking to me.

I totally get where you are coming from, but I think this could be valuable for someone who ends up on this repository (maybe via search) and _doesn't_ understand all of the things you noted above, and I don't think it takes anything away for the folks who do already grok those points.

> _NOTE:_ This library and the associated module(s) that depend on it provide the foundation for a custom integration with Orange DAM. Custom development work will be needed to create a data model in your CMS, build and run the migrations that map your data, as well as integrate with the events this module offers to allow for additional customization of the integration.

Reviewer: We should remove mentions of migrations and modules here.

I think this whole `_NOTE_` should be removed or rewritten.

Author: Updating!
